layout	type	title	date	labels
essay
essay
UI Basics Technical Essay
2020-09-14
For me, Browser History 1 was hard to get started. I had to really re read the instructions and look over my notes before I started to get into it. But once I was done looking over everything, it was much simpler to get everything done. The first time that I attempted the assignment it took me around 20 minutes. I had to kind of get the hang of going back and forth between my notes, vs code, and the instructions. But when I attempted it for the second time it took me around 14 minutes. It was pretty simple to just copy and paste the text into the code.

Browser History 2 was a bit more challenging for me because originally when I was looking at the instructions it seemed pretty simnple. But when I got started I had to research and look up how to get the different fonts into my code. When I first attempted it I was confused why the font wasn't changing but when I looked back I realized that I had to add the Oswald and Open Sans font to be able to access it. After figuring out the problems I did my one and only attempt and it took me about 5 minutes.

Browser History 3 was difficult for me to understand at first because I had no idea how to start. When I was looking at what the end product should look like, I was so confused at how he made the columns. I also felt that the instructions were pretty vague so I had to look up a lot of things. But I ended up watching the video on how to do it and then once I understood I did my first attempt and it took me about 7 minutes. I think that the hardest part wass just figuring out how to start and how to form the columns.
