---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-09-28
labels:
---
The latest WOD that I completed was invoice 1, this is the link to the assignment: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-preparing-for-WOD.html although this WOD was more difficult than the past WOD's I think the fact that we learned some of the skills necessary for this WOD, during class.

During this WOD I practiced a few times before reading it because it was a bit complicated. I had to refer back to other readings and previous labs/WODS to help me. I found myself often looking things up which definitely helped me to figure out the solution. It was very confusing because I looked some stuff up but also referred to the readings for others. So I was concerned that the code wouldn't run, but after changing the code and making a lot of adjustments to make it create the table. In my video I took a while to finish because when I ran it the last column was not formatted correctly. I took a while to figure out the solution and it turns out that I spelt one of my tags incorrectly so it didn't run correctly. So once I figured it out it ran how I wanted it to.

To prepare for this WOD I rewatched the recorded class session to review on things we learned on class as well as re read some of the assigned material. I think that this WOD was a little different because I had to do a lot of additional research. Some of the concepts that were covered in this WOD were more complicated in my opinion so I had to do extra work to figure things out.

I think that to better prepare myself for the next WOD I would review the videos and review past labs/WODs. I think that I spent a lot of time looking back on things and I probably should've already knew the information that was in them.
