---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-18
labels:
---
1.         What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned? Honestly, while doing this project I almost gave up so many times because I just could not figure out what was wrong. I had such a hard time getting the email to work and it was extremely frustrating, but I ended up getting it to work. So if I am being honest I did not plan to have the email working, but I ended up getting it to work! I was very happy that it actually sends the user an invoice via email :)

2.         Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented? I think that my shopping cart and cart could have been styled a lot better but I would not say that it is a noticeable shortcoming. I also wish that I did something more creative with my nav bar such as creating a drop down or just styling it differently.

3.         What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed? I think that my biggest project risk was getting the shopping cart to load from the server after pressing "purchase". At first I had no idea how I would get it to work and at one point my entire page just was not working and it really set me back. But I am glad that I figured out how to get it to work.


4.         What is your assessment of the overall quality of the system? I think that there is a lot of room for improvement but overall I think for the level that I am at and the amount of knowledge I possess, I did a great job. I honestly could not imagine myself being able to do this prior.
 
5.         What is needed before this system can be placed into operation? I think that there could be some improvements with the user experience such as making it more clear that the user is logged in, although I do have it at the bottom it is a bit small.

6.         Describe what you are most proud of about this project: I am most proud of my home page, I really liked the template that I used and I think that the aesthetic is pretty nice. I was kind of suprised at how it turned out because at first it was so plain and now I really like it.

7.         Describe what you are least happy with this project: I am least happy with how the invoice and shopping cart page looks. It is very plain and I think that I could have done a lot more with it.
