---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4: Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-09
labels:
---
My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
I think going from no knowledge of coding at all, I have definitely come a long way. I am suprised that I was able to learn and soak in all the of the information of this course. I think that I haven't memorized every possible code, but I have developed my problem solving skills which in my experience has been crucial.

I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
I think if I tried to remember more from the readings it would help me to be a lot more efficient with my time. I spend a lot of time just researching and browsing through W3 schools looking for the right tag or code to use. I think it would also be valuable for me to review old WODs and assignments to refresh my memory on certain skills and elements.

I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first:
I think it depends on the WOD but I think that I can usually figure out a good portion of the WOD. But ultimately I get stuck on a small section that I can't figure out which would lead me to referring to the screencast solution.

The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
Yes, I believe that the labs have helped me to learn and gives me something to look back on when I am stuck on parts of the assignment 1 as well as different WODs. I am not always able to complete them with confidence, but once I look some things up to confirm I am able to be confident in my answers.

I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1):
As we have just finished Assignment 1, I can definitely say that it was a challenge but it was fun. I enjoyed designing my website to my specific taste but getting it to be functional took a while. I believe that I am ready to move on to assignment 2 and I am excited to see what I can produce!

I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
I think that during class it could slowed down just a little. Sometimes I get lost and I try to figure it out on my own, but once I figure it out I am already really far behind during class.

These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:
I really appreciate that Professor Port records the lectures so that I am able to refer back to the video if I get lost during the acutal lecture. It is also a good reference for when I am completing labs. 
