---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Checkpoint Assignment 3 Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-02
labels:
---
Checkpoint A:

Describe your design for your site's shopping cart. That is, will it be a separate page that the user can view and edit, or will it be integrated into the product pages? If so, describe in detail how this will work on your site. Provide several examples of using the cart.

I will be creating my site's shopping cart as a separate page that the user can edit and view. For example, the user would be able to select various products from the products page and it will link to the users shopping cart with the corresponding products. The user would be able to access, edit, and view their shopping cart at any given time. Once the user presses the purchase button the user (if not already logged in) will log in and after that they will be taken to the invoice page.

Checkpoint B:

Explain specifically how you will use sessions to manage your shopping cart. In particular, what shopping cart data will be stored in the session, what data format will be used (NOT what data type, but the format like with the data format used for your registration data). Use code examples showing what data structures (such as arrays and their keys) you will use to manage the shopping cart data and how they will beused in $_SESSION.

When the customer adds the product it will save that data to a session as a JSON object.
 
Checkpoint C:

How will you avoid access to your application when the user has not logged in or registered? What are the particular security concerns you must address?

I will complete a server verification to check cookies and verify that the user has an account, if they don't have one it will direct them to the registration page. The security concern is that a non-member would be able to access the purchase page so I am going to add an if-statement on the server side in order to redirect the login page.

Checkpoint D:

Upon a successful login, how do you provide personalization in your UI? Explain how you did or will do this (paste code if necessary):

I will personalize the UI by having the user greeted with their name, but if their name is not given it will greet them with their username. In addition, they will list their email address so that they know that the invoice was sent to the correct place.
 
Checkpoint E:

If you are working with partners, how will you split up the work in your team so that you are working in parallel as effectively as possible? That is, who is doing what and when?

I will be working alone.

Checkpoint F:

How are you approching Assigment 3 differently than Aassignment 2?

The way that I am approaching Assignment 3 is that I want to plan it out before I start. I wanna know exaclty what I need to do so that I can plan accordingly. A problem I faced was that I took it step by step but did not look at the whole picture of the assignment. This caused me to have to go back and make a lot of changes to previous code that I wrote. If I establish all the steps I need to take prior to starting I think that it will make the assignment go smoothly.
